Meeting Minutes for November 23


Attendance: Marty, Marcus, Ragur, Simon

Next meeting: Looking to have one Friday.

 
General Notes
=========================
- Sakib: Not all sections for Part 3 have been marked but should be ready tomorrow.
- Sakib: Final presentation is expected to be day after deadline, on the 30th. Presentation needs to be ready for then.
- Aim to have the app fully fleshed out in the next couple days. We still need time to update storyboard, OO analysis, conduct testing, documentation, and build presentation.
- Simon is essentially done, just has to do the progress bar. 
- Kourosh has the RecyclerView as well.
- Ragur is planning on submitting a PR on Wednesday and has mostly completed showing the map and centering it on phone position.
- Marty added Firebase Authentication, but that change hasn't been propagated through the app so make sure your parts leverage it when needed.
- Marty will add unique icon for friends in navbar.
- Marty will look into Firebase rules and seeing if we can authenticate with Authenticated users.


 
Bugs
=========================
- Logging in, shows nothing, then going to profile and back shows a full list of habits.
