Meeting Minutes for Oct. 22

Attendance: Marty, Marcus, Kyle, Ragur, Simon


GENERAL NOTES
===================================================

We're aiming to get most of US 01.* & US 02.* done for the coming Tuesday, Oct 26. We won't be worrying about profiles (US 03.01.01) for Project Part 3.

We'll meet at the lab to go over any questions with Sakib.

As you make changes, tag Simon as the reviewer in your pull request. He will focus on integration and code review. 

Everyone should build and evaluate their own tests that cover their additions to the code.



INDIVIDUAL ROLES
===================================================

Marcus plans on starting with Firebase integration for our app and will build the list of habits view.

Marty will focus on adding, viewing and deleting habits.

Kyle will work on editing habits.

Ragur will work on the first three habit event user stories (i.e. US 02.01.01, US 02.02.01, US 02.03.01).

We ask that Kourosh do the last three habit event user stories (i.e. US 02.04.01, US 02.05.01, US 02.06.01).

Simon will be the code reviewer and integrate together everyones work and pull requests.

