Meeting minutes for October 19 meeting during Lab for 291.

Attendance: Marty, Marcus, Ragur

GENERAL NOTES
=========================================

Sakib mentioned that we should aim to finish US 01.* US 02.* and potentially up to US 03.01.01 for the halfway checkpoint. 
He also mentioned that we need to do unit testing for this checkpoint and should have Javadocs too.

 - A Github Projects page was created where we should track all of our tasks as "To-do", "Doing" and "Done" as mentioned during the lectures and as part of the marking rubric.
 - Each page of the Figma should probably be it's own activity and can be named the same name as appears above the page on Figma.
 - We thought it would be best for everybody to work individually.
